OSDOCS#9729: Installing GitOps on MicroShift (#72974)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/microshift-install-rpms-gitops.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// microshift/microshift-install-rpm.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="microshift-installing-rpms-for-gitops_{context}"]
== Installing the GitOps ArgoCD manifests from an RPM package

> {microshift-short} allows the ability to use a lightweight version of the OpenShift GitOps. You can install the necessary ArgoCD manifests using a RPM package. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use a lightweight version of OpenShift GitOps with {microshift-short} to help manage your applications.  Install the ArgoCD manifests using a RPM package. 
```

.Procedure

. Install the ArgoCD manifest packages by running the following command: 

// I believe the rpm package is not published yet GITOPS-3790 so I don't have the command yet

> //I also believe reseting the manifests is the same command here 

Reviewer: Or do we need to use kustomize because we're treating it like an application?

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// microshift/microshift-install-rpm.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="microshift-installing-rpms-for-gitops_{context}"]
== Installing the GitOps ArgoCD manifests from an RPM package

> You can use a lightweight version of the OpenShift GitOps with {microshift-short} to help manage your applications. Install the necessary ArgoCD manifests using a RPM package. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use a lightweight version of the OpenShift GitOps with {microshift-short} to help manage your applications. Install the necessary ArgoCD manifests using an RPM package. 
```

.Procedure

> . Install the ArgoCD manifest packages by running the following command: 

Reviewer 3: How about `Install the GitOps packages by running the following command:`

+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ sudo dnf install microshift-gitops microshift-gitops-release-info

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
$ sudo subscription-manager repos --enable=gitops-1.12-for-rhel-9-$(uname -m)-rpms
$ sudo dnf install microshift-gitops microshift-gitops-release-info
```

----

> . To apply the manifest from the package to an active cluster, run the following command: 

Reviewer 2: I think "applying manifest" is an implementation detail. What we mean to say here is that we just need to restart microshift service to complete GitOps installation.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// microshift/microshift-install-rpm.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="microshift-installing-rpms-for-gitops_{context}"]
== Installing the GitOps ArgoCD manifests from an RPM package

> You can use a lightweight version of the OpenShift GitOps with {microshift-short} to help manage your applications. Install the necessary ArgoCD manifests using an RPM package. 

Reviewer 2: Should we explain which RPM package? Something like "... an RPM package as described in this document"?

.Procedure

> . Install the subscription manager by running the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Enable the GitOps repository by running the following subscription manager command:
```

+
----
$ sudo subscription-manager repos --enable=gitops-1.12-for-rhel-9-$(uname -m)-rpms
----

. Install the GitOps packages by running the following command: 
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ sudo dnf install microshift-gitops microshift-gitops-release-info

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
$ sudo dnf install -y microshift-gitops microshift-gitops-release-info
```

----

> . To restart the {microshift-short} service, run the following command: 

Reviewer 2: We need to explain that the restart is necessary to complete the installation.
```suggestion
. To complete the installation, restart the {microshift-short} service by running the following command: 
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// microshift/microshift-install-rpm.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="microshift-installing-rpms-for-gitops_{context}"]
== Installing the GitOps ArgoCD manifests from an RPM package

> You can use a lightweight version of the OpenShift GitOps with {microshift-short} to help manage your applications. Install the necessary ArgoCD manifests using an RPM package. 

Reviewer 4: Can we add a small paragraph on the pre-reqs here? Those are:

- MicroShift installation >=V4.14 (RPM or ostree based)
- 250 MB of additional RAM recommended, though not requested

Author: Ill add a prereqs section, thank you!

.Procedure

. Enable the GitOps repository with the subscription manager by running the following command:
+
----
$ sudo subscription-manager repos --enable=gitops-1.12-for-rhel-9-$(uname -m)-rpms
----

. Install the GitOps packages by running the following command: 
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ sudo dnf install -y microshift-gitops microshift-gitops-release-info

Reviewer 4: No need to install the release-info package. That is only required for offline/airgapped installation to determine which container images are required by gitops. Just "sudo dnf install -y microshift-gitops" is enough

Author: Ah gotcha! Thank you!

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// microshift/microshift-install-rpm.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="microshift-installing-rpms-for-gitops_{context}"]
== Installing the GitOps ArgoCD manifests from an RPM package

You can use a lightweight version of the OpenShift GitOps with {microshift-short} to help manage your applications. Install the necessary ArgoCD manifests using an RPM package. This RPM package included the necessary manifests that runs core Argo CD. 

.Prerequisites

* You installed {microshift-short} version 4.14 or higher
* Additional RAM storage of 250MB recommended 

.Procedure

. Enable the GitOps repository with the subscription manager by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ sudo subscription-manager repos --enable=gitops-1.12-for-rhel-9-<architecture>-rpms

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
$ sudo subscription-manager repos --enable=gitops-1.12-for-rhel-9-$(uname -m)-rpms
```

----

> . Install the GitOps packages by running the following command: 

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
. Install the GitOps package by running the following command: 
```
In this case, only 1 package is installed, `microshift-gitops-1.12.0-36.el9.x86_64.rpm`. But `dnf install` command may install multiple packages.

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ sudo dnf install -y microshift-gitops 
----

> . To complete the installation, restart the {microshift-short} service by running the following command: 

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
. To deploy Argo CD pods, restart the {microshift-short} service by running the following command: 
```
From my point of view, `microshift-gitops` is already installed in the previous step, but by restarting `microshift` we can start Argo CD pods.

Sometimes we all use `installation` as a general concept that means something is ready to be used, so not sure what's the right wording for this step.
